Add deprecation notes to README (#3)
spatialos/platform-api: README.md

> **This repository is now deprecated. To use the new Platform SDK, please visit [this page](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.5/platform-sdk/introduction).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This repository is now deprecated. To use the Platform SDK, please visit the [documentation](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/platform-sdk/introduction).**
```

Removed "new" (thinking about future-proofing).
